D2IQ-86493 feat: manually attach cluster (#4202)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/clusters/index.md

| Error          | There has been an error connecting to the cluster or retrieving data from the cluster.                                                                                                                      |
| Join Failed    | This status can appear when kubefed does not have permission to create entities in the target cluster.                                                                                                      |
| Unjoining      | Kubefed is cleaning up after itself, removing all installed resources on the target cluster.                                                                                                                |
| Unjoined       | The cluster has been disconnected from the management cluster.                                                                                                                                              |
| Unjoin Failed  | The Unjoin from kubefed failed or there is some other error with deleting or disconnecting.                                                                                                                 |

> | Unattached\*   | The cluster was manually created and the infrastructure is created and configured. But the cluster not attached, review the [manually attach cluster][manually_attach_cluster] page to resolve this status. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unattached\*   | The cluster was created manually and the infrastructure has been created and configured. However, the cluster is not attached. Review the [Manually attach a CLI-created cluster][manually_attach_cluster] page to resolve this status. |
```
